add readme (#46)
IT-REX-Platform/course_service: README.md

# Course Service

> The Course Service serves as a pivotal component within our system, offering essential features related to courses and chapters:

Reviewer: Remove "pivotal"  and "essential", imo
```suggestion
The Course Service offers features related to courses and chapters:
```

Author: done

# Course Service

> The Course Service plays a pivotal role in the platform's educational ecosystem by serving as a comprehensive repository of essential course-related information. This information encompasses a wide array of details, including course names, comprehensive course descriptions, and the structural breakdown of courses into chapters and sections. This wealth of data is pivotal in guiding both educators and students through their learning journey within the platform.

Reviewer: The breakdown into section does not happen in the course service
Also I would not use the word ecosystem... idk seems like overselling our system
